‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎ ‎You're so talented!
‎How long have you been playing for?
‎Since I was in diapers!
‎I get the feeling
‎Marinette likes Luka a lot!
‎At least she can have
‎a conversation with him
‎without getting all bla-bla-bla-bla!
‎You mean not like when she's with Adrien?
‎And at least Luka gets
‎to go out whenever he wants!
‎ ‎Thank you.
‎-They're so cute together!
‎-So true.
‎-Sure are!
‎- ‎You think?
‎I agree. They seem to get along very well.
‎-Adrien? Kagami?
‎-Your father let you out?
‎We're officially at fencing practice.
‎But... Oh, no!
‎Kagami, isn't this the wrong address?
‎Oh, dear! I think you're right!
‎It's a good thing Adrien's found someone
‎he can get out of the house with, at last!
‎Hi, Adrien!
‎It's cool you couldn't come alone.
‎I mean, you came with someone.
‎Hey, Kakamoo, uh, Kamoogi... uh, Kagami!
‎Nice to see you too, Marinette.
‎Have you come to watch
‎your boyfriend rehearse?
‎ ‎I will not be your second choice!
‎But you've always been my muse. Please.
‎Kagami might be onto something, you know?
‎Luka? You know he's just a friend.
‎You know you were my first choice!
‎You are the only one, Nanarky!
‎-Nanarky?
‎- ‎You can't fool me, pirate!
‎I bet you threw your guitarist overboard!
‎Again!
‎No, I swear I didn't!
‎She sailed away from me!
‎She left me in the lurch!
‎Look how perfect we were together.
‎Come back and play with me, Nanarky!
‎Jagged and our Mom?
‎We're not co-captains anymore!
‎I sail alone now, skipper!
‎Marinette! You're here!
‎The awesome designer
‎of these rock'n'roll shades of mine!
‎I'm sure you can help me.
‎I need a guitarist! Do you play guitar?
‎Me? Guitar?
‎I can play a few notes on the flute
‎but, I don't think...
‎No, wait, Jagged!
‎I know the perfect musician!
‎Really? You rock, Marinette!
‎I'm sure you know Adrien Agreste.
‎He's the cutest, uh, the greatest model,
‎-I mean, musician in the world!
‎- ‎Huh?
‎Well, I know a few chords,
‎but I'm more of a pianist, actually!
‎Uh, OK. You sure?
‎How about that young dude,
‎with the awesome T-shirt?
‎Don't you think
‎he's better equipped for the job?
‎Of course! You're right, Jagged!
‎Luka can let Adrien borrow his guitar!
‎Can't you, Luka?
‎If you like, Marinette.
‎-Put it to good use, Adrien.
‎-Uh... I'll do my best! Thanks!
‎Jagged Stone! You fire me
‎and now you want to replace me with what?
‎A school kid?
‎Vivica? Is that you?
‎There ain't no more Vivica!
‎There's only Desperada now!
‎If I can't be your guitarist any more,
‎I'm gonna make sure nobody can.
‎Aha! You ship rat!
‎I knew you were lying!
‎Vivica didn't leave you.
‎You dropped her, just like you dropped me!
‎What? You were thinking
‎of replacing me with her?
‎Hey! I'm a much better guitarist than you!
‎And I was his first choice!
‎In that case,
‎you'll be my first choice, too!
‎I never miss a musical note.
‎Vivica always hits her targets!
‎I never should have given
‎that guitar to Adrien.
‎Why did I do that?
‎You have a troubled heart, Marinette.
‎‎ What is happening to me?
‎ ‎Tikki, spots on!
‎Not there!
‎You'd be a sitting duck in that cabin!
‎Where are you running to, wannabe?
‎Stop it, Vivica!
‎You're giving rock'n'roll a bad name!
‎Jagged! No!
‎I may not play a guitar,
‎but I do play the yo-yo! Care for a duet?
‎Solo!
‎-We'll be safe here!
‎-Thank you, Luka!
‎ ‎Perfect, Desperada!
‎Ladybug's Miraculous are within reach!
‎I always keep my end of the deal,
‎Hawk Moth!
‎Where's Cat Noir?
‎He might not make it here in time!
‎Then we must help Ladybug!
‎May I?
‎Another new guitarist?
‎This way. Quick!
‎You won't get away for long!
‎You shouldn't have put yourself
‎in danger like that!
‎But thank you!
‎You can count on us
‎whenever you need help!
‎I appreciate it.
‎But when there's a supervillain,
‎it's best if your partner has powers.
‎Speaking of which...
‎
‎Cat got your tongue? Leave a message!
‎OK.
‎Lucky charm!
‎A gong? What are you gonna do with that?
‎I have to leave, but I'll be back soon!
‎I'll find that brat guitarist
‎sooner or later, Ladybug!
‎I can handle this!
‎Could I borrow that, please?
‎You know how to play?
‎Let's say I have my own personal style!
‎Meanwhile, find a place to hide!
‎Both of you!
‎You can hide in here!
‎It's a bit tight for the two of us.
‎I'll go in another one!
‎OK, see you later!
‎How about a nap while we wait
‎for Ladybug to come back?
‎No, it's time for Cat Noir
‎to make his entrance!
‎Plagg, claws out!
‎Who is torturing that poor guitar?
‎That's better!
‎ ‎Marinette Dupain-Cheng,
‎you must pick an ally you can trust
‎to fight alongside you on this mission.
‎Once the mission is over,
‎you will take the Miraculous back
‎and return it to me.
‎ ‎Desperada is relentless!
‎There's no room for error with her!
‎There'll be no second chance!
‎Or maybe this one.
‎The snake's power is a very strong one,
‎Marinette.
‎Whoever uses it must be wise enough
‎not to be tempted to manipulate time
‎for their own personal gain.
‎I understand, Master Fu.
‎I know just the perfect person!
‎I can't believe
‎I didn't think of him before.
‎A perfect match!
‎We must stop doing this!
‎Let's take care of this guitarist
‎and her seriously bad music!
‎Er... you looking for something, milady?
‎Phew! Yeah, I have to find Adrien Agreste!
‎You want to entrust him with a Miraculous?
‎You're not supposed to know, but, yeah!
‎He's the perfect guy for this mission.
‎You know you can trust me
‎and my incredible nose!
‎If Adrien's down here,
‎I'll find him for ya.
‎Adrien's in there!
‎Your incredible nose failed you this time!
‎Cat Noir? Ladybug?
‎Have you defeated Desperada yet?
‎Oh! Where's Adrien?
‎Uh, maybe he hid somewhere else.
‎Let's split up and find him.
‎Hide in there for the meantime!
‎Claws in!
‎Plagg, Ladybug needs me. She needs Adrien!
‎If you ask me, this whole idea
‎is worse than cheese in a can!
‎She thinks I'm the perfect guy
‎for this mission!
‎You can't be Cat Noir
‎and another superhero at the same time!
‎Which means
‎you're not the perfect guy for this!
‎-The lucky charm told her I am!
‎-That's not how it works!
‎Why am I bothering?
‎You're not even listening.
‎This is my chance to get her
‎to love me as myself, Adrien!
‎I don't care what costume comes with it,
‎I have to try!
‎Ladybug chose me!
‎ ‎Adrien?
‎Adrien?
‎Uh... Ladybug?
‎Where were you? Is everything OK?
‎Yeah!
‎I was just hiding a bit further down.
‎I thought it'd be better if Desperada
‎couldn't find us in the same place.
‎-I need you.
‎-Me?
‎Adrien Agreste,
‎here's the Miraculous of the Snake,
‎which grants the power of Second Chance.
‎You will use it for the greater good.
‎Once we defeat the supervillain,
‎you will return the Miraculous to me.
‎Can I love... uh, trust you?
‎Yes, Ladybug.
‎-Amazing!
‎-Greetings!
‎My name is Sass and I'll be your kwami!
‎But what am I supposed to do?
‎All you have to say is,
‎"Sass, scales slither!"
‎Sass, scales slither!
‎
‎Cat got your tongue? Leave a message!
‎Cat! I found Adrien.
‎We're gonna go after Desperada.
‎-Meet us under Trocadéro!
‎-I hope I don't disappoint you.
‎I know you won't. You're perfect.
‎Uh... perfectly capable
‎of defeating Desperada.
‎We need all odds in our favour.
‎Desperada is a fearsome opponent!
‎Lucky charm!
‎I'd have preferred a horseshoe
‎for my first mission!
‎I love your sense of humor.
‎Really? Thanks!
‎If anything goes wrong,
‎the Second Chance lets you go back
‎to the exact moment you activated it.
‎Got it. Second chance!
‎We now have five minutes.
‎Within this time range,
‎you can go back in time
‎as often as you want.
‎After that,
‎when the snake's head goes back in place,
‎you'll detransform.
‎Still no Cat.
‎Come to think of it,
‎we're OK without him...
‎-Oh!
‎-..now that we have your power!
‎You and I are gonna make an awesome team!
‎Where is she?
‎Nobody can escape me from here!
‎ ‎Very nice, Desperada!
‎Once you've captured Cat Noir
‎and don't need your powers any more,
‎the stickers will release the heroes,
‎and their Miraculous will be mine!
‎-Awesome team, all right!
‎-Give me some time!
‎-We now have five minutes...
‎-Before I transform back.
‎Did we not make it?
‎No, but I used my power of Second Chance!
‎No time to wait for Cat Noir!
‎We're fine without him!
‎We'll make an awesome team!
‎Aspik and Ladybug!
‎Aspik? Wow!
‎You've only just started being a superhero
‎and you have this all down!
‎Guess you made the right choice.
‎Where is she?
‎No, wait! The first time,
‎Desperada's fire came from there!
‎Here, as a thank you for choosing me.
‎Oh... uh... thanks!
‎-Awesome team, all right!
‎-I just need more time!
‎To do what? Charm Ladybug
‎or defeat the villain?
‎ ‎Second chance!
‎-We now have five--
‎-Trust me!
‎-We've been through this before!
‎-Shouldn't we wait for Cat Noir?
‎Let's try a different exit!
‎So you've saved my life
‎several times already? I knew...
‎We'd make an awesome team?
‎I hope you're right!
‎He can read my mind, too!
‎-Seems OK here!
‎-Adrien, I mean, Snake...
‎Call me Aspik!
‎Aspik, you really are a super...
‎-Awesome team.
‎-I know!
‎Not again!
‎No! No!
‎You know, Ladybug?
‎I'm actually also Cat Noir
‎and I've been in love you
‎since our eyes first met.
‎ ‎We now have five minutes.
‎Within this time range,
‎you can go back in time
‎-as many times as you want.
‎-Sass, scales rest!
‎But...
‎It didn't work. I'm so sorry.
‎I wasn't the right choice
‎for you after all.
‎No! You have to be the right snake!
‎I guess I must have done something wrong.
‎No, it's not you.
‎I just can't protect you.
‎-I never managed to save you.
‎-We can try again!
‎No! I can't bear seeing Desperada
‎capture you every time,
‎without ever being able to save you.
‎How many times did you see me?
‎I've been trying for months.
‎It was the 25 913th time.
‎I don't know what to do any more.
‎But... who could possibly wear
‎this Miraculous, besides you?
‎Ladybug? Oh! I see you've found Adrien.
‎I'm glad. I was worried!
‎Brave, determined, caring.
‎Why don't you give him the Miraculous?
‎Thank you for saving my life
‎so many times, Adrien.
‎I'll go and hide.
‎I'm sure you guys will succeed, Ladybug!
‎Did I miss something?
‎Luka Couphène,
‎here's the Miraculous of the Snake,
‎which grants the power of Second Chance.
‎You will use it for the greater good,
‎if you're willing.
‎Once we succeed,
‎you must return the Miraculous to me.
‎Can I trust you?
‎Desperada attacked my family
‎and my friends,
‎so if I can help you in any way, I will!
‎Greetings!
‎My name is Sass and I'll be your kwami!
‎At last, you've come to your senses!
‎I'm not sure Ladybug will have
‎very fond memories of Adrien Agreste!
‎Then make up for it as Cat Noir!
‎You're right! Plagg, claws out!
‎All you have to say is,
‎"Sass, scales slither!"
‎Sass, scales slither!
‎Just in time!
‎Cat Noir, I'd like you to meet...
‎Viperion! Can't wait to work with you!
‎Perhaps you'd have preferred a horseshoe
‎for your first mission?
‎-Ugh! Cat!
‎-No need!
‎Ladybug brings enough luck for all of us!
‎Thanks! Desperada
‎is at the top of the Eiffel Tower!
‎Let's take her vantage point away!
‎We're gonna need your Cataclysm!
‎Our team would be lost without him!
‎At your service!
‎Here! Cataclysm!
‎ ‎Cataclysm!
‎All her weapons come from her guitar case.
‎We have to prevent her from using them,
‎then destroy the case. Ready?
‎Second chance!
‎Wait!
‎ ‎Second chance!
‎Second chance!
‎Wait! This time, I know what to do!
‎No more evildoing for you, little akuma.
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly.
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎What am I doing here?
‎ ‎Pound it!
‎History repeats itself, Ladybug,
‎but rest assured,
‎one day,
‎I will be the one who rewrites it!
‎-Thank you for trusting me.
‎-You were the right choice.
‎I'm sure we'll see each other again soon.
‎Bug out!
‎I know I wasn't very rock'n'roll to you,
‎Vivica.
‎And even if you did eat my cereal
‎and drink Fang's milk,
‎I should've never have fired you!
‎You can come back.
‎-But get your own breakfast, OK?
‎-I promise, Jagged!
‎Besides, I get why Anarka
‎no longer wants to play with me,
‎and I respect her decision.
‎What's past is past.
‎Isn't that right, Nanarky?
‎I was wrong about you and Luka, wasn't I?
‎But you'd better hurry up and choose.
‎You don't always get a second chance
‎in love.
‎Well, Adrien and Luka
‎can choose too, right?
‎And they haven't made
‎their choice yet, either!